one of the best things terrorists could
do is just build more fast-food
restaurants maybe add another
pharmaceutical company have a couple
more infomercials and encourage people
to eat the way they eat now and
everybody's gonna be dead in a hundred
years they can just walk right in and
don't have to do a thing 1/4 of what you
eat keeps you alive and 3/4 of what you
eat keeps your doctor alive
Hansol rates going up heart disease
going up stroke going up with poisoning
ourselves with highly processed nutrient
depleted foods one of the major problems
is what we do to the soil and the air
and the water and everything we take in
our food we for whatever reason decided
we're going to spray everything with
every kind of pesticide herbicides
larvicides fungicide we decided we're
going to genetically modify things you
don't know anything about can we
actually improve what has already been
created and the answer is maybe but not
the way we've been doing it if you want
to know it's wrong look down at the
table it's staring back in here think of
it as plant malnutrition that's what's
going on but if we think we're gonna go
to the doctor and get a pill for
everything we've missed the whole point
we have been taught our whole lives to
be consumers of modern medicine which is
pharmaceutical medicine good health
makes a lot of sense but it doesn't make
a lot of dollars now the truck industry
has every right to make money question
the ethics I think need to be very
closely watching what the pharmaceutical
companies are doing may not necessarily
be in the interest of that population
you can be as sincere and you can be
sincerely wrong
approximately a hundred and six thousand
Americans die from pharmaceutical drugs
each year and these are people who took
the medication as directed there's a lot
more turning to alternatives because
what's being done before them doesn't
work there is no magic bullet but there
is a lifestyle change that reverses
serious chronic disease it's simple
let's say it's effective
the solutions are here they've always
been here every single person in the
world every culture every language every
personal world knows
you are what you eat food does matter
it's a choice you don't have to be SEC